fact one sane one Mac what ways the most
ton of bricks or a ton of feathers look
you've got a ton of feathers and a ton
of bricks never mind the birds still a
brick son it's on a breeze why though
the fucking solid right now come on then
let's do it let's go up to the next one
then we're going to go for pure cotton
and Bevers what ways the most a ton of
feathers or a ton of cotton this is an
ardent fucking birds involved feel the
weight of that feel the weight Yeah
right I didn't know what would you say
he's a heavy no you might have a ton of
that well I had some feathers and a ton
of feathers
what would you say so you see it then do
you just feel the weight of that though
it's cotton wool right go on then
answer no I
hey cotton wool balls Evia yeah then it
got a ton of cooked cotton wool weighs
more than a ton of peppers last one
right right so you've got a ton of
favors yeah that weighs a ton
mm-hmm and you've got a ton a cotton
wool but why is it torn now which one
weighs more Oh a ton of fish but free I
will put bricks in there as well
bricks a twin a mackerel until a cotton
wool a ton of feathers which weighs most
last one this is to the macro macro no
breaks no they're use nearly there then
fucking up this is going on you two
what is it back it's bricks in it
right we're gonna wrap it up now we're
gonna roughly bought by just having in
the answer they all weigh a ton you
think twice